h1. Tab Sugar - the Google Chrome extension

h2. Current version: 0.9.x

h3. 0.9.27

 * Major bug fixes: tabs can now be moved again & tab previews are back

h3. 0.9.26

 * Faster tab previews
 * Fixed the issue of the dashboard being sometimes empty for some users

h3. 0.9.25

 * Removed unnecessary permissions (geolocalisation & idle)
 * Localization of the dashboard for french support
 * Better browser and dashboard interactions

h3. 0.9.24

 * Fixed a couple of bugs (issues #7 & #11)

h3. 0.9.23

 * Fixed the previous version that was erroneous and didn't work, at all

h3. 0.9.22

 * Fixed the Google Analytics issue that affected Unix users (previous fix in 0.9.18 was incomplete)

h3. 0.9.21

 * This extension can only be used with Google Chrome versions >= 6

h3. 0.9.20

 * New database schema (v1.3) width 9 triggers for ensuring data consistency
 * Better browser interactions
 * Added permissions to a lot of features that'll be used in the future
 * The action button has two states: loading / active
 * Display the current version of Tab Sugar in the dashboard top bar
 * Added a Facebook "Like" button in the Options page

h3. 0.9.19

 * Prevent groups from being created after clicking on a tab from within an existing group
 * Added a "groups cleaning" feature to get rid of the empty unnamed groups

h3. 0.9.18

 * Fixed the OS-X issue for those folks that couldn't make Tab Sugar work at all on their computer

h3. 0.9.17

 * Death of the icebox, this unnameable/uncloseable initial group

h3. 0.9.16

 * New interaction: Create a new tab from the dashboard
 * Added some CSS transition effects
 * Tab without previews show off their favicon more proudly
 * Added a 'loading' icon when the extension isn't ready
 * Better browser and dashboard interactions

h3. 0.9.15

 * Better window/group matching
 * Added the 'latest updates' feature
 * Better browser interactions
 * 'Alpha' mention in the dashboard
 * The Options page opens as an inline popup
 * Enhanced tab preview

h3. 0.9.14

 * First browser interactions
 * Creating a group as a result of a tab drop doesn't name the group by default any more

h3. 0.9.13

 * Added a tiny top bar to the dashboard
 * Disabled the spell-checker on group names

h3. 0.9.12

 * Bug fix (issue #3)

h3. 0.9.10 & 0.9.11

 * Fixed the previous version (0.9.9) database migration issue

h3. 0.9.9

 * Huge refactoring of the dashboard interactions
 * Open a single tab as a new window by left-clicking with the 'Ctrl' key pressed
 * Tab previews are now persisted to the SQL storage instead of the tiny localStorage
 * Renaming a group has become more elegant with a default placeholder
 * Bug fixes

h3. 0.9.8

 * Groups snap next to each others when dragging'em (deactivated feature by default)
 * Minor bug fixes

h3. 0.9.7

 * Fixed the shortcut key - also, the default shortcut key is now "Escape"
 * Bug fixes and UI tweaks

h3. 0.9.6

 * Transaction calls are now asynchronous
 * Nicer fan out

h3. 0.9.5

 * Fixed the superposition issues between groups and tabs
 * Fixed the weird positioning of tabs when dropped into an other group
 * Smoother animations
 * Groups snapping
 * Tab preview
 * Fan out feature
 * Lots of refactoring

h3. 0.9.4

 * Fixed the visual artifact when content doesn't fit the icebox at first use

h3. 0.9.3

 * When there isn't enough space in the groups for displaying all its tabs, the latter stacks up

h3. 0.9.2

 * The tabs resize accordingly to the group size (optional feature, activated by default)

h3. 0.9.1

 * New icon set
 * Tab previews feature is managed from the options page (doesn't work completely atm)

h3. 0.9.0

 * Represent the windows and tabs with group and tab items
 * Make these tabs draggeable and droppable into groups
 * Create groups with the mouse cursor
 * Create groups while releasing a tab in the dashboard
 * Click on a tab opens it within a new window, with all the other tabs of the group
 * Access Tab Sugar with a shortcut key
 * Persist the dashboard with its groups &amp; tabs

h2. Early versions

h3. 0.1.0.5

 * The shortcut key "Ctrl+space" opens Tab Sugar from within any actual tab

h4. Notes:

The extension needs to be re-enabled since it requires more permissions.
The shortcut key won't work with tabs already there ; a browser restart or a reload of these tabs will be needed for the shortcut key to work.

h3. 0.1.0.4

 * Tabs are clickable: open a new window with all the tabs of its group
 * Groups are resizeable
 * Added a screenshot to the extension page

h3. 0.1.0.3

 * Tab Candy opens as a new tab (will be customizable in a future version via an options page)
 * Tabs show previews
 * Empty groups close automatically
 * Groups and tabs are closeable
 * The "new group" button was removed
 * Ability to create empty groups in the dashboard by dragging the mouse with the left button down

h3. 0.1.0.2

 * Removal of the default group name ("Icebox")
 * Handle group resizing and creation within the dashboard

h3. 0.1.0.1

 * Tab Candy opens as a new window
 * Tabs are displayed with their favicon
 * Tabs are droppable onto the dashboard
 * Tabs titles can be renamed
 * "New group" button for creating a new group
